[OKTA-798712] TOC and links changes (#5108)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2024-okta-identity-engine/index.md

#### New System Log API property for target object is GA Production

> Certain system log events now contain a new property called `changeDetails` in the `target` object. When this property is populated, it reflects new, changed, or removed attributes of the target resource that has been modified. See [changeDetails property](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/SystemLog/#tag/SystemLog/operation/listLogEvents!c=200&path=target/changeDetails&t=response). <!-- OKTA-724000-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain System Log events now contain a new property called `changeDetails` in the `target` object. When this property is populated, it reflects new, changed, or removed attributes of the target resource that's been modified. See [changeDetails property](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/SystemLog/#tag/SystemLog/operation/listLogEvents!c=200&path=target/changeDetails&t=response). <!-- OKTA-724000-->
```

#### New System Log API property for target object is GA Preview

> Certain system log events now contain a new property called `changeDetails` in the `target` object. When this property is populated, it reflects new, changed, or removed attributes of the target resource that has been modified. See [changeDetails property](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/SystemLog/#tag/SystemLog/operation/listLogEvents!c=200&path=target/changeDetails&t=response). <!-- OKTA-724000 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain System Log events now contain a new property called `changeDetails` in the `target` object. When this property is populated, it reflects new, changed, or removed attributes of the target resource that's been modified. See [changeDetails property](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/SystemLog/#tag/SystemLog/operation/listLogEvents!c=200&path=target/changeDetails&t=response). <!-- OKTA-724000 -->
```
